---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "notifiers-v1_notifier_list Data Source - notifiers-v1"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  
---

# notifiers-v1_notifier_list (Data Source)





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `namespace` (String) the namespace scope in which to operate

### Optional

- `fields` (String) a comma-separated list of resource fields to fetch/return.  If unspecified, all fields are fetched.  If empty, only key-fields are fetched.
- `filter` (String) an EQL "where" expression that will be used to filter the set of resources returned.
- `labelselector` (String) a label selector string to filter the results based on CR labels

### Read-Only

- `api_version` (String)
- `items` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items))
- `kind` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--items"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items`

Optional:

- `spec` (Attributes) NotifierSpec defines the desired state of Notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec))

Read-Only:

- `api_version` (String)
- `kind` (String)
- `metadata` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--metadata))
- `status` (Attributes) NotifierStatus defines the observed state of Notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--status))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec`

Optional:

- `description` (String) A simple user provided description of this Notifier
- `enabled` (Boolean) Enable or disable this Notifier
- `providers` (List of String) A list of references to Providers to send to for notifications matching any source in this Notifier
- `sources` (Attributes) Set the notifier sources (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources`

Optional:

- `alarms` (Attributes) Include alarm sources in this notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--alarms))
- `query` (Attributes) Include a query source in this notifier (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query))

<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--alarms"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.alarms`

Optional:

- `exclude` (List of String) A list of alarm excludes for this Notifier, matching the 'kind' field within alarms.
If a source matches both the 'sources' and 'excludes' lists, it will be excluded.
For example, 'InterfaceMemberDown'.
- `include` (List of String) A list of alarms that this Notifier will listen to, matching the 'kind' field within alarms.
Including all alarms is indicated using the '*' wildcard.
For example, 'InterfaceDown'.


<a id="nestedatt--items--spec--sources--query"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.spec.sources.query`

Optional:

- `color` (String) Sets the color of notifications generated from this query. Valid values are web color names, e.g. 'red', 'green', 'blue', 'yellow', 'purple', 'gray', etc.
- `fields` (List of String) Fields to include in the query results, which can then be used in the template,
e.g. '.node.name' or '.node.srl.interface.name"'.
- `table` (String) The table to use for the query, e.g. '.node.srl.interface'
- `template` (String) A template to use when sending notifications for this query. The template can use the fields from the query results.
e.g. 'Interface {{ index . "interface.name" }} is down on node {{ index . "node.name" }}'.
- `title` (String) The title to use when presenting results for this query, e.g. 'InterfaceDown'
- `where` (String) A where clause to use for the query, e.g. 'oper-state = down'. You can omit enclosing parentheses.




<a id="nestedatt--items--metadata"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.metadata`

Read-Only:

- `annotations` (Map of String)
- `labels` (Map of String)
- `name` (String)
- `namespace` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--items--status"></a>
### Nested Schema for `items.status`
